TODO:
1) Go through and add user-visible error messages (not console) 
2) Deal with None's in dropdown menus that don't make sense
3) Cannot name a project None
4) Add "You accepted invitation!" message before going back to main menu
5) Add code in deleteProject() to also delete the file node !!!!


upon login, you look for your user node (only readable by you)
invite list must be of proper form, also can only append to it

uid{    
  projects list [(p1, name1,creator bool),p2,p3,p4] r/w: just you
  invites list [(p1,name, creator bool) list]       r: just you, w: anybody (but validated)
}

pnode{    r/w: collaborators         (node name is session name, must be unique (this could be corrected later) 
  members: (array, zeroeth user is creator)
  turn: <to be updated each time> (your email)x
  rules: (to be added later)
}

(Same name as session, so also unique)
file{
  data: 
}

You can either create/delete/edit a project or accept/decline an invitation and repeat this step

enter a project:
(Write the names of the project in a certain color if it's your turn, other if not)
get the /projects/p# node (r/w for creator and collaborator always)
(if you can't find the project, then assume it was deleted or declined (depending on who created it)
 remove from your own projects list)
otherwise, check it's your turn, open editor (send file and rules)
... (get new file) ...
write to pnode with updated file, (updated rules?), new turn (of the other person).
go back to gallery

implement turn checker to prevent writing if it isn't your turn

create a project:
you must give it a name
you specify another user to collaborate (do we want to have a search feature?  how do you specify the user?)
  enforce that it is another user (not you) ?
(note that creator necessarily takes the first turn
a new canvas is opened on front end
after editing, pnode is created and written, uid node project list is updated (you are creator).
reload gallery

delete a project:
you must be the creator of the project
you delete it (.remove())
you remove the project from your projects list (other person removes it from their own user node when subsequent get fails)

accept an invitation:
move project tuple from invite list to projects list (you are NOT creator).
reload gallery

decline an invitationn:
remove project node
remove project tuple from invite list. 
relaod gallery
